what a great pajama party it is like that
exciting in the hotel your parents too
stay
the breakfast is so delicious stefanie
why is not you somehow I have
no easter then screw
well, jan behind me last
night we hear strange noises
was back late and when i was at the kitchen
I went over a clatter
heard and then there were steps there
you saw someone no but i did
what felt you strong what it is
hasenberg you have our hits
I'm sorry you might have
an idea why the chairs in the kitchen
we are upset we have no idea
but we should rather in the kitchen
see where it on an empty stomach it
child who was a akin yesterday my
kitchen even the guests talk about it
But think about model spirit
Poltergeist you no a ghost
I just took off my laundry
frank martin
Do you know anything about a ghost here?
in the hotel
the white lady
it is supposed to be a white lady a long time ago
worked here at the hotel they did
looked after the well-being of the guests and
until today even after her death walks
from room to room to the guests
operate or scare them
I just checked for the white lady
she is googled but that's okay
I will not be an eye tonight
close exactly
none of us will sleep because of us
to capture that spirit
it will be position later
andrea are you the 90 as I am
what happened is that the white one
lady was in the church
I did that on her photos oh no
why must there say listen let us
Charge the phone and then we take care of it
So we'll be okay tomorrow morning so I will
never fall asleep but clearly
always just think of a rainbow
kitten
I still love rainbow kittens
no pattern breakfast no I am
just too excited i want the photos
look at the time here make me
wagner it is all about the
okay, okay , that's just what I have
mind what's with the mind
Did you see the white lady ?
we will see it soon last night
I took pictures in the kitchen
You're a fake bean soup
I therefore probably was not intentional and
hate sleeping wonderful that you found
Never hunger in the morning have the white
chocolate cake